Introduce a check disallowing module-level defaults, and improve Y015 error messages (#145)
PyCQA/flake8-pyi: README.rst

  syntax wherever possible. (In situations where this is not possible, such as
  if a field is a Python keyword or an invalid identifier, this error will not
  be raised.)

> * Y032: Unless the object is used elswhere in the same file as an annotation,

Reviewer: I think "as an annotation" doesn't describe `require = working_set.require` very well. Also fixed a typo.

```suggestion
* Y032: Unless the object is used elsewhere in the same file,
```
